---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Remove This Statue

Zari finds Lily standing outside of the school building. Lily is holding a sign.

- **Zari**: What are you doing?
- **Lily**: Read my sign.
- **Zari**: It says, "Remove this statue." What statue?

Lily points to the statue of a man in front of the school.

- **Zari**: The man our school is named after?
- **Lily**: Yes. He stole this land from the people who lived here first.
- **Zari**: Really?
- **Lily**: And then he made them all leave their homes.
- **Zari**: That's terrible! I'm protesting with you!
  - Remove this statue!

The principal **walks up** to Zari and Lily.

- **Principal**: Girls, please go to class.
- **Lily**: Not until you remove this statue.

Lily takes out a pair of **handcuffs** and locks herself to the statue.

- **Zari**: Whoa.
- **Lily**: Zari and I will stay here all day if we have to.
- **Zari**: But Lily? I have to leave at noon. I have a math test today!
- **Lily**: What's more important, Zari? Grades? Or justice?
- **Principal**: It's great that you care about justice ...

  - But I'm going to have to call your parents if you don't go to class.

- **Zari**: Lily's right! We're staying here until you remove this statue!

Zari grabs the key to Lily's handcuffs and throws it into the street. It falls into a drain.

- **Lily**: Zari! I only had that one key! And we have tickets to a concert tonight!
- **Zari**: What's more important: a concert or justice?

## Vocabulary

- handcuff: 英 /ˈhændkʌf/, 美 /ˈhændkʌf/
  - _n._ 手铐, <喻>镣铐,束缚
  - _vt._ 给…戴上手铐, 束缚…的手脚,限制
