---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Nice Tie

Zari is babysitting Junior while his dad is on a date.

Junior walks into the room. He's wearing a nice shirt and a tie.

- **Zari**: Junior, why are you wearing a tie?
- **Junior**: Sometimes I wear ties. I like to look fancy.
- **Zari**: Aw, that's great. You look nice!
- **Junior**: So... are you inviting a friend here?
- **Zari**: No, why?
- **Junior**: Well... the last time you babysat me, Lily came over.
- **Zari**: Oh, do you want me to invite Lily?
- **Junior**: I mean, sure, only if you want to...

Junior brings a huge plate of cheese and fruit from the kitchen.

- **Junior**: And if she comes over, we have plenty of juice and snacks for her!
- **Zari**: Wow, Junior! Did you make that by yourself?
- **Junior**: It was easy.
- **Zari**: Junior, do you like Lily?
- **Junior**: No. She's pretty cool, but ...
- **Zari**: You know, I can ask Lily if she wants to babysit you sometime.
- **Junior**: What? Really? Do you think she'll say yes?
- **Zari**: If your dad is paying her, then she'll say yes.

Suddenly, there's a knock on the door.

- **Junior**: Who's that?!
- **Zari**: I think it's Lily!
- **Junior**: Did you invite her?!
- **Zari**: She's just bringing me my homework.

Zari walks to the door.

- **Junior**: Wait! Do I look OK?
- **Zari**: You look great, Junior!

Zari opens the door.

- **Zari**: Hi, Lily!
- **Lily**: Hey, friend.
- **Zari**: Come in! I'm just hanging out with Junior.
- **Lily**: Hi, Junior, Nice tie.
- **Junior**: Thanks, uh...
  - I need to go to bed now!

Junior runs into his bedroom and closes the door.

- **Lily**: What's wrong with him?
- **Zari**: Haha... I think you have a fan.
- **Lily**: That's cool. Whoa, this cheese looks great. Can I have some?
- **Zari**: Yes, I think that's all for you.
