---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# The List

Bea and Lin are taking a trip in Bea's car. Bea is driving.

- **Lin**: Hey! Can we stop at that **amusement park**?
- **Bea**: Sorry, we can't go there. It's not on the list.
- **Lin**: What list?

Bea hands Lin a piece of paper.

- **Bea**: I made a list of all the things we're going to do on the trip!
  - "Stop at the lake, take photos of the mountain, eat lunch at the vegetarian restaurant..."
- **Lin**: What if we want to stop somewhere that's not on the list?
- **Bea**: We won't need to stop anywhere else. All of the best places are on my list!

Lin turns on the radio.

- **Bea**: Oh! We don't need the radio! I brought the perfect music for driving.

Bea connects her phone to the car.

- **Bea**: I picked out the best three hundred and two songs for driving in the countryside.

They drive past a sign for fresh berries.

- **Lin**: Let's buy some berries!
- **Bea**: That's not on the list.

Lin points out the window.

- **Lin**: Oh, look! An ice cream shop! Let's stop!
- **Bea**: Maybe on the way home...
  - Right now, we only have time to stop at the places on the list.

Lin takes Bea's list and throws it out the window.

- **Bea**: My list!
- **Lin**: Now we can stop anywhere.

Bea stops the car and then turns it around.

- **Bea**: I can't believe you did that! We need to go back and get the list.

Suddenly, the vehicle stops in the middle of the road.

- **Lin**: What's happening?
- **Bea**: We ran out of gas!
- **Lin**: Maybe next time we should add "gas station" **to** the list.

## Writing

### Do you think Lin and Bea are going to have a nice vacation together? Why?

I think they may not have a nice vacation together. They are so different in how **they** deal with traveling. Bea likes to **have** everying planned, but Lin likes to try different things during the **trip**.

I don't think they will have a good vacation together. They have different personali**ties**, Bea likes to plan **everything** and only do things that **are** plan**n**ed, but Lin likes to try new things she **sees**.

## Vocabulary

amusement park: 主题公园
