---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# The Long Flight

Lin gets on a plane for a flight to Hawaii. She sits down next to another woman.

- **Jamie**: Lin, is that you?! I haven't seen you since ...
- **Lin**: Since you broke up with me in college.
- **Jamie**: Right. Uh... I'll ask to sit in another row.
- **Lin**: No, it's cool, Jamie, you can sit here.
- **Jamie**: I'm surprised to see you! You always hated to travel.
- **Lin**: That's because I used to be afraid of flying.
  - I'm not afraid anymore.
- **Jamie**: Wow, so why are you going to Hawaii?
- **Lin**: I did some research and found the best place for whale watching.
- **Jamie**: You did travel research?!
- **Lin**: Yes. I actually like to research things now.
- **Jamie**: That's cool. But you get sick on boats.
- **Lin**: I used to. But now I take medicine before I go sailing.
- **Jamie**: I can't believe you like to sail now.
- **Lin**: After we broke up, I started doing a lot of new things.
- **Jamie**: Aw, I always wanted you to try new things...
- **Lin**: And now I am!
- **Jamie**: I'm glad we sat next to each other on this plane. We should hang out again.
- **Lin**: I would love that...
- **Jamie**: Maybe we can go sailing together...
- **Lin**: Yes, definitely!
  - Wow, **it's like the universe brought us back together**.
- **Jamie**: I know!

Just then, another woman sits down next to Jamie.

- **Maria**: Hi, honey!

The woman kisses Jamie.

- **Jamie**: Oh! Lin, this is my girlfriend, Maria.
- **Lin**: Your ... girlfriend?
- **Jamie**: Maria, we're going to go sailing with Lin!
- **Lin**: Thanks, universe.
