---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# The Lost Costume

Lily is helping Zari get ready for the school play.

- **Zari**: Where's my costume?! I need to be on the stage in five minutes, and I can't find it!
- **Lily**: You always lose things. Do you need help looking?
- **Zari**: Yes, please!

Lily looks in the closet.

- **Lily**: I don't know what I'm looking for.
- **Zari**: My costume is a red dress. Please, we have to hurry!
- **Lily**: I don't see **any dresses** in here.
- **Zari**: I'm the main actor in the play! I can't go on the stage without my costume!

Lily looks at the stage. The other actors have started their **scene**.

- **Lily**: Uh-oh... Zari, come here and look at Jenny's dress. Do you recognize it?
- **Zari**: Jenny is wearing my costume?! I don't understand. Did she take it on purpose?
- **Lily**: Maybe she was jealous because you got a bigger part in the play.

Jenny smiles at Zari from the stage.

- **Zari**: What am I going to do?
- **Lily**: Well, I saw one costume you can use.
- **Zari**: Really? Where?

Lily gets a new costume from the closet for Zari.

- **Zari**: No!
- **Lily**: It's the only other costume I could find.
- **Zari**: Fine. I'll go put it on.

Zari returns. She is dressed like a bear.

- **Lily**: Wow, you're actually going to wear that?
- **Zari**: I'm going to be in this play, and Jenny is not going to stop me!

Zari walks on the stage in the bear costume and starts to say her lines. The audience starts clapping and laughing.

Lily sees Jenny walk off the stage. Jenny looks **furious**.

- **Jenny**: I don't understand! The audience loves her!
- **Lily**: Yeah, you're right. Thanks for your help, Jenny.

## Writing

Yes, I would **not** like to participate in a play. I don't have any **acting** experience, so I don't have **that** kind of **skill**.

> Corrections:

1. grammatically correct, but “would not like” is a bit awkward and formal for spoken tone.
   - More natural:
     - "I don't think I would like to participate in a play." or
     - "I wouldn't want to participate in a play."

## Sentences

- 我在这里没看到任何连衣裙。
  - I don't see **any dresses** in here.
  - referring to more than one.
