---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# The Time-Traveler - B2

Lin answers her door and sees her neighbor Junior standing with a large book in his hand.

- **Lin**: What is it, Junior? My spy movie is about to start.
- **Junior**: Lin, I know your secret! You're a time-traveling spy!
- **Lin**: What?
- **Junior**: You're in my book, "The Big Book of Spies!"

Junior points at a **blurry** photo of a woman in a jungle wearing military clothing. She looks exactly like Lin.

- **Junior**: This is the only known photograph of a famous unnamed spy.

Lin points to the date on the photograph.

- **Lin**: I couldn't have been there. That photo is from fifty years ago.
- **Junior**: Yes, and you look exactly the same today! That's why you must be a time-traveler!
- **Lin**: OK, sure. I'm a time-traveler.
- **Junior**: Really?! Did you ever ride a **dinosaur**?
- **Lin**: No, better. I went back in time and ate this bag of chips three times.
  - Is that all? I'm watching a movie.

Junior grabs Lin's remote.

- **Junior**: I'm not giving this back until you tell me about time-traveling. I'm **dying** to hear about it!
- **Lin**: If I do, can I watch my movie?
- **Junior**: Yes, I'll leave you alone.
- **Lin**: OK.
  - When that photo was taken, I'd just come back from a secret mission on Mars. I had to rescue a scientist named, uh ... Dr. Scientist.
- **Junior**: You're lying! That's the plot from the movie "Mars Explorers!"

Suddenly, Lin's grandmother, Lucy, arrives home.

- **Lucy**: What's going on?
- **Junior**: I'm interviewing Lin for a school project. I believe she may be a time-traveling spy.

Lucy points at the photo in Junior's book.

- **Lucy**: Why is there a picture of me in your book?
- **Junior**: Wait ... that's you?!
- **Lucy**: Actually, you're right. That's Lin! She is a time-traveling spy.
- **Lin**: Great. Time to time-travel back to the start of my movie.

## Vocabulary

- Blurry: 模糊的
