---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# The Wedding Present

Vikram is dancing in his living room.

- **Vikram**: Oh, yeah! Step to the left! Step to the right! I love this song!

He accidentally hits a vase. It falls on the floor and breaks.

- **Vikram**: Oh no! Maybe I can fix it!

He picks up the pieces of the vase.

- **Vikram**: This piece goes here... this piece goes there ... oh no. This looks terrible.

His wife, Priti, walks into the room. Vikram tries to hide the vase.

- **Priti**: Vikram! Did you break that vase?
  - Were you dancing again?
- **Vikram**: Yes. But don't worry! I can fix it! Look!

Vikram shows her pieces of the vase.

- **Priti**: Oh, honey. I don't think we can fix it.
- **Vikram**: I know, I'm so sorry. I know it was your favorite.
- **Priti**: My favorite?
- **Vikram**: Yes. Because it was a wedding present from your sister.
- **Priti**: She didn't give us this vase. She gave us a picture frame.
- **Vikram**: Oh, right! Did your mother give us the vase?
- **Priti**: No, she gave us that clock you broke last month, when you were doing yoga.
- **Vikram**: Oh, right.
- **Priti**: Maybe it's from your cousin.
- **Vikram**: But the vase is so ugly!
- **Priti**: I know. That's why I thought your cousin gave it to us.

- **Vikram**: Ha! Wait, you also think the vase is ugly?
- **Priti**: It's terrible.
- **Vikram**: Now I'm not sorry that I broke it!
- **Priti**: Yes, the living room looks much better without it.
  - And now we have more space for dancing!

Vikram turns on the music, and they start dancing.

- **Priti**: Step to the left ... Oh yeah!
