---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Twenty Years

Bea is making a documentary film.

She's interviewing Oscar, the local art teacher.

- **Oscar**: Are you ready for the interview now?
- **Bea**: Yes! One more minute.
- **Oscar**: You know, I canceled all of my appointments today for this.
- **Bea**: Thank you! I'm sorry you've been waiting for a while.
- **Oscar**: It's OK. I've been waiting for twenty years to be in a film about art.
- **Bea**: Twenty years?!
- **Oscar**: Yes. I've been an artist since I was very young. But no one has ever interviewed me.

Bea turns on the camera.

- **Bea**: Three, two...
  - Wait. I just need to move these lights. One moment...
- **Oscar**: Did you see my new paintings in the **coffee shop**?
- **Bea**: No, I haven't seen them yet!
- **Oscar**: Those paintings are my best work. We can talk about them in the interview.
- **Bea**: I'm sure they are great!
  - OK, I'm ready now!
- **Oscar**: Finally!

Bea turns on the camera.

- **Bea**: Three, two ...
  - Wait! I forgot the microphone.
- **Oscar**: Oh yes, I have many things to say.

Bea puts a microphone next to Oscar.

- **Bea**: OK! I'm ready!

Bea turns on the camera.

- **Bea**: Three, two, one!
- **Oscar**: So, what would you like to know about my art?
- **Bea**: Oh! This interview isn't about your art. It's about an artist you studied with!
- **Oscar**: What? I waited all day to talk about another artist?! I need to leave.
- **Bea**: But you've been waiting twenty years to talk about art!

Oscar stands up and gets ready to leave.

- **Oscar**: Yes, and I can wait a little longer.

## Writing

### Art is Oscar's passion. What is something that's very important to you? Why is it important.

I think making money is important to me now. Money can't solve all problems, but it can solve most of my **problems**. Most **of the** troubles I have are just because I don't have enough money.

我认为现在对我来说赚钱很重要。钱不能解决所有问题，但可以解决我大多数的问题。我遇到的大多数烦恼，都是因为钱不够。

> Polished:
>
> I think making money is important to me now. Money can't solve all problems, but it can solve most of **mine**. Most of the **difficulties** I **face** **come from** not **having** enough money.
