---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Late Fees

Lily is standing at the librarian's desk in the library. She's trying to check out a book.

- **Librarian**: I'm sorry, I can't let you check out this book. Your library card has been suspended.
- **Lily**: What?! My library card can't be suspended!

The librarian points to a sign that says, "Quiet, please."

- **Lily**: But I need this book for a school assignment.
- **Librarian**: I'm sorry. You've checked out several books and you haven't returned them.
- **Lily**: What?! That's not possible.
- **Librarian**: Shhh!

The librarian points to the "Quiet, please!" sign again.

- **Librarian**: It's a rule that I take very seriously.
  - According to our records, you haven't returned "The History of **Unicorns**", "Teenage Vampires In Love, Volume One", and "Teenage Vampires In Love, Volume Two."
- **Lily**: I would never read any of those books. There must be something wrong with your computer.
- **Librarian**: I'm sorry, but I can't let you check out another book until you return those books and then pay the late fees.
- **Lily**: Fine! I'll do my research on the internet!

Lily angrily walks away. Just then, she notices Zari in the library. She's reading volume two of "Teenage Vampires In Love."

Lily grabs the book from Zari.

- **Lily**: Zari! Have you been checking out books with my library card?!
- **Zari**: I'm sorry! But you know how much I love reading!
- **Lily**: Why didn't you use your library card?!
- **Zari**: Because… they took it away. I always returned my books late, so I had a lot of late fees.
- **Lily**: Argh!
- **Zari**: Can you ever forgive me?
- **Lily**: Ahhh. I guess so.
- **Zari**: Great. Because I need you to check out "Teenage Vampires In Love, Volume Three"!
