---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Lily's Painting

Lily has a painting in an art show.

- **Zari**: This is so exciting! I'm so proud of you!
- **Lily**: A lot of other artists have paintings here, too. No one is going to buy mine.
- **Zari**: Of course they will! Your painting is the best one here!
- **Lily**: I don't think so.

People enter the art gallery and start looking at the paintings.

- **Zari**: Isn't this painting amazing?

Zari points at Lily's painting.

- **Lily**: Zari, Shh!
- **Zari**: What? I just want to make sure everyone sees your painting. It's so good!
- **Lily**: Please stop. This is embarrassing.
- **Zari**: Fine. I'll stop.

A couple stops to look at Lily's painting.

They whisper to each other, and then they walk past the painting.

They look at a painting of a flower next to Lily's. Then they buy it.

- **Zari**: I can't believe they just bought that flower painting.
  - Your painting is so much better.

An hour later, most of the paintings have been sold. Lily's painting is still on the wall.

- **Zari**: Hmm. No one bought your painting yet!
- **Lily**: Yeah, I know.
- **Zari**: Uh… I'm going to go to the bathroom.

Zari walks over to the owner of the art gallery.

- **Zari**: Hi! I want to buy Lily's painting.
- **Owner**: Which painting is hers?
- **Zari**: That one over there. No one wants to buy it, and I really want to make Lily feel better!
- **Owner**: Oh, a lot of people want to buy that one! But I won't let them.
- **Zari**: What? Why?
- **Owner**: It's the best painting here. I'm going to buy it for myself!
