---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Long-Distance Girlfriend

Eddy is on a video call with his long-distance girlfriend, Lola.

- **Eddy**: It's sad that we don't see each other very often. I really miss you.
- **Lola**: Eddy, I'm sorry. I don't think this is working …

Suddenly, the video call ends.

- **Eddy**: Lola? Lola!

Eddy tries to call Lola back, but she doesn't answer.

Eddy calls his friend Bea.

- **Bea**: Hey Eddy. How's it going?
- **Eddy**: Awful! I think Lola wants to break up!
- **Bea**: Does she want to break up because you live too far away?
- **Eddy**: I don't know! She said our relationship isn't working!
  - Then, I called her back and she didn't answer!
- **Bea**: Long-distance relationship**s** are hard.
- **Eddy**: But I want this to work! What should I do?
- **Bea**: You have to let Lola know that you're serious about her!
- **Eddy**: Yeah! I am serious about her!

Just then, Lola calls again.

- **Eddy**: Wait, she's calling now! Thanks Bea.

Eddy answers Lola's call.

- **Lola**: Hey Eddy. I'm so sorry …
- **Eddy**: No, listen, Lola. I think this relationship can work. We live very far away from each other, but I can move!
- **Lola**: Move? Wait, why?
- **Eddy**: Because I'm serious about you!
- **Lola**: You are?
- **Eddy**: Or … you can move in with Junior and me! We can get married!
- **Lola**: You want to get married?! Eddy, we've only dated for two months!
- **Eddy**: You're right. That's pretty soon. I was just worried …
- **Lola**: Worried about what?
- **Bea**: You said our relationship wasn't working!
- **Lola**: No, I was talking about the video call! My connection is bad here!
  - But … I really like you. Maybe we can …

The call ends again.

- **Eddy**: Lola? Lola!
- She's right. This isn't working.
