---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Used Laptop for Sale - B2

Community Forum: For Sale

**Lin**:

Hey, folks! I'm selling a used laptop on behalf of its owner, a well-traveled and work-obsessed professional named Bea.

She wanted to recycle it because it's basically falling apart, but I'm convinced that it's still completely usable. It's not old. It has a rich history - which can now be yours!

If you look at this laptop, you'll see a cracked screen and missing keys, but all this damage tells the story of its exciting adventures around the world.

First, let's talk about the screen.

It was totally fine until Bea cracked it during a yoga retreat in India.

She accidentally kicked the laptop while trying to do a complicated pose and respond to work emails at the same time.

That brings us to the keyboard. It used to have all its keys, but now Z, X, and C are missing because Bea dropped the laptop off a mountain while hiking in Peru.

Bea's tour guide warned her that taking a laptop on a hike was unwise, but she just really needed to finish a presentation.

After all these adventures, this laptop still turns on sometimes - and that shows how **durable** it is! If you dream of a life filled with adventure and non-stop work like Bea's, then this is the laptop for you!

And how often do you actually need to use the letters Z, X, and C anyway?

## Vocabulary

- Pose: position (complicated pose)

VANET Ad Hoc On-demand Distance Vector
