---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-08-02
category:
  - English
tag:
  - Listening
  - 巴菲特
  - Costco
toc: true
---

# 巴菲特,芒格 谈 Costco

<audio controls>
  <source src="/audio/listening/01/costco_20250722.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
  check your browser for video.
</audio>

Well, Costco（好市多 - Costco Wholesale Corporation），of course, is a business that became the best in the world in its category.
And it did it with an extreme **meritocracy** and an extreme ethical duty, self-imposed, to take all its cost advantages as fast as it could accumulate them and pass them on to the customers.
And, of course, that created **ferocious** customer loyalty.
And it's been a wonderful business to watch.

And, of course, strange things happen when you do that and do that long enough. Costco has one store in Korea that will do over $400 million in sales this year. These are figures that can't exist in retailing, but, of course, they do.

So that's an example of somebody having the right **managerial** system, the right personnel selection system, the right ethics, the right **diligence**, et cetera, et cetera. That is quite rare. And if once or twice in a lifetime you're associated with such a business, you're a very lucky person.

Charlie and I were on a plane recently that was hijacked. With what? It was hijacked. I'm telling about our experience on that hijacked plane when the hijackers picked us out as the two dirty capitalists that they really had to execute.

But they were a little **bashed** about it. They didn’t really have anything against us. So they said each of us would be given one request before they shot us. And they turned to Charlie and said, “What would you like as your request?” Charlie said, “I would like to give once more my speech on the virtues of Costco with illustrations.”

And the hijacker said, “Well, that sounds pretty reasonable to me.”
And he turned to me and said, “And what would you like, Mr. Buffett?”
And I said, “Shoot me first.”

## Vocabulary

- meritocracy: 英 /ˌmerɪ'tɒkrəsi/, 美 /ˌmerɪ'tɑːkrəsi/
  - n. 知识界精华
- ferocious: 英 /fə'rəʊʃəs/, 美 /fə'roʊʃəs/
  - adj. 凶猛的, 残忍的, 凶暴的
- bash: 英 /bæʃ/, 美 /bæʃ/
  - vt. 猛击，痛击；怒殴
  - n. 猛烈的一击，痛击
