---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Marathon Runner

Eddy is on a date with Mimi at a restaurant.

- **Mimi**: The dinner was very delicious.
- **Eddy**: Yes, it was!
  - Have I told you I'm going to run a marathon in the fall?
- **Mimi**: Yes. You told me three times.
- **Eddy**: I'm running a marathon in the fall!
- **Mimi**: Now, you've told me four times.
- **Eddy**: Maybe our next date should be at the park!
- **Mimi**: That sounds romantic! We can look at the birds, and drink wine and --
- **Eddy**: And we can run together!
- **Mimi**: Or we can go to the new Italian restaurant downtown!
- **Eddy**: I don't like that restaurant. I'm not allowed to wear my sneakers there.
  - Have you seen my new sneakers? I bought these for the marathon.
- **Mimi**: Yes... you already showed me your sneakers.
- **Eddy**: **They** are perfect for running in any kind of weather!
- **Mimi**: Interesting...
- **Eddy**: I hope it doesn't rain on the day of the marathon.
- **Mimi**: Well, it's late. I think I'm ready to go home now.
- **Eddy**: This was fun! Do you want to get coffee tomorrow?
- **Mimi**: Hmmm... Yes, come to the coffee shop tomorrow. I have a surprise for you.

The next day Eddy is at the coffee shop. He's waiting for Mimi, but she doesn't arrive.

A woman runs over to Eddy.

- **Deborah**: Hi! Are you Eddy?
- **Eddy**: Yes...
- **Deborah**: I'm Deborah. My friend, Mimi, said we should meet!
- **Eddy**: Hi, I'm Eddy. I like your sneakers!
- **Deborah**: Thanks! I'm running a marathon in the fall!

## Sentences

- The dinner was very delicious.
  - The dinner was delicious.
  - “Very delicious” is redundant; "delicious" is already a strong adjective.
