---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Mastering Relaxation - B2

Bea's Blog, March 1st

My friend Lin says that my life is stressful and I work too hard, but in reality, I've totally **mastered** relaxation.

In fact, I schedule a full thirty minutes to relax each month! With my instructions, you too can reach maximum relaxation, all while being incredibly productive.

### 1. Spend time in nature

When I go on a peaceful hike in the woods, I set a goal of identifying at least twenty species of flowers and photographing twelve different species of birds before returning home.

I always bring a checklist so that I don't lose track. I wouldn't want to go home without completing my relaxation tasks!

### 2. Unplug.

It's OK to spend some of your free time looking at social media.

However, I think it's important to be away from your phone for at least sixty seconds a day.

During that time, I like to stretch for fifteen seconds, meditate for fifteen seconds, and then plan what I'll do with my phone when I start using it again.

### 3. Practice calming visualization.

When feeling stressed, some people calm themselves by visualizing peaceful fields, oceans, or clouds. I, on the other hand, like to visualize my calendar.

Nothing brings me more peace than planning every day of my life, hour by hour — or even better, minute by minute!

Remember, it's important to make time to relax... but only after you've completed every single task on your to-do list!

## Vocabulary

- totally mastered: 完全掌握了
- Unplug: 暂时不用电子设备
- visualization: 视觉想象
