---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Save the Crabs - B2

Lin is helping her friend Bea sell T-shirts for a charity that helps crabs. They're speaking to a neighbor in their apartment building.

- **Bea**: Please buy a T-shirt to save the crabs! Their habitat is being destroyed! Do you want to live on a planet without crabs?
- **Lin**: Uhh… On a lighter note, the T-shirts look cool too!
- Woman: Sorry, I'm busy.

The woman quickly shuts her door.

- **Lin**: Um, you're being really intense. Maybe you need a break. Let's get tacos.
- **Bea**: No! We have to sell at least one T-shirt before we eat.
- **Lin**: But we've been working for two hours. That's two more than usual for me.

Bea knocks on Eddy's door. Eddy answers.

- **Eddy**: Good morning!
- **Bea**: It's not a good morning for crabs.
- **Eddy**: What?
- **Bea**: Every day, 10,000 crabs lost their homes because humans keep building condos on beaches!

Eddy gasps.

- **Bea**: So buy a T-shirt! Otherwise they won't have a place to live!
- **Eddy**: That's awful! Now my morning is ruined!

Eddy shuts his door. Bea sighs.

- **Lin**: That didn't go well.
- **Bea**: You're right. I need sadder statistics.
- **Lin**: No, you need a new strategy. You're being intense!
- **Bea**: No one's ever said that to me!
- **Lin**: Because of how intense you are.
  - If I were to sell one T-shirt, could we go eat?
- **Bea**: Sure.

Lin clears her throat and knocks on Eddy's door. He answers again.

- **Eddy**: Please! No more sad crab facts!
- **Lin**: Wait! I don't suppose you've seen this adorable video?

Lin shows Eddy her phone.

- **Eddy**: Is that crab playing with a squirrel? What an unlikely friendship!
- **Bea**: Yes! You can protect friendships like these by buying a T-shirt.
- **Eddy**: I'll get my wallet!
- **Bea**: Lin, you're good at this!
- **Lin**: I know. Now let's get tacos like you promised.

## Sentences

- 但我们已经工作了两个小时了。这比我平时多了两个小时呢。
  - But we've been working for two hours. That's two more than usual for me.
