---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Scary Movie

It's a dark night, and Zari is babysitting Junior.

- **Junior**: Zari, can we watch "The Ghost Doll"?
- **Zari**: What? No! That's a scary movie!
- **Junior**: Please? I finished my homework, washed the dishes, and I even washed your car!
- **Zari**: I don't have a car.
- **Junior**: Oh. Well, I washed someone's car.
- **Zari**: You are too young to watch scary movies.
- **Junior**: But I love watching scary movies! I always watch them with my dad.
- **Zari**: Well, "The Ghost Doll" is too scary.
- **Junior**: No, it isn't. I've seen it six times.
- **Zari**: No, you haven't.
- **Junior**: Yes, I have! I wasn't scared at all when the doll hid under the bed with the big knife.
- **Zari**: The doll was under the bed?
- **Junior**: And I laughed when the man ran away from the doll. He was screaming the whole time!
- **Zari**: The doll chased the man? With a knife?
- **Junior**: Yeah. Do you think a doll could really hide under a bed?
- **Zari**: I… I don't know.
- **Junior**: I think a doll could definitely do that.
  - My favorite part was when the doll went into the girl's room…
- **Zari**: What?
- **Junior**: The girl looked like you!
  - And the doll was really quiet… and then…
  - It jumped on the girl's face!
- **Zari**: No!
- **Junior**: Yes! It was so cool!
- **Zari**: Please stop talking about this!
- **Junior**: Why?
- **Zari**: You'll scary yourself. You won't be able to sleep.
- **Junior**: The movie is not too scary for me.
- **Zari**: Fine. We can't watch it because the movie is too scary for me.
