---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Supernatural Cleaners Reviews - B2

Hi, we're Lily and Zari, ghost hunters, at your service. We will find and eliminate any ghosts from your home or office. Here are a few reviews from our happy customers!

**Lin, 3 days ago.**

I thought ghosts might have been hiding my keys and my phone. They were never where I left them! Zari and Lily came over to investigate.

Zari found my keys and charger between the couch cushions. Clearly the ghosts put them there after I took a nap on the couch a few days ago. Thanks, Lily and Zari.

**Eddy, 1 week ago**

I'm definitely not at all afraid of ghosts. However, I heard unusual noises the other night, so I called Zari and Lily, just in case my son Junior was scared.

Lily determined that our apartment wasn't haunted, but then I heard the noise again the next night!

I wasn't scared, obviously. I only screamed, "Ah! I'm so scared!" because I didn't want Junior to feel bad about being scared. Junior said the noise was just the wind, but I'll keep sleeping in his room just in case.

Bea, 2 weeks ago

Zari and Lily offered to see if my apartment was haunted. I don't believe in that kind of thing, but I **indulged** them because I wanted to support a woman-owned local business.

They used their ghost-catching machine, which turned out to be just a vacuum covered in **aluminum foil**.

They didn't find any ghosts, but my rug is cleaner than it's been in years.

## Vocabulary

- indulge sb: 迁就 sb
- Aluminum foil: 铝箔纸
