---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Dear Lucy - B2

Dear Lucy,

I've been reading your advice **column** in the newspaper every week for years, and now I really need your help!

I've dated my boyfriend for a year, and he's perfect in every way! Every Sunday, he makes breakfast and brings it to me in bed. And for our anniversary, he surprised me with a trip to Bali!

We just got engaged, but is it too soon to get married?

Help!

**Anisha**

Dear Anisha,

You need to break up with this man immediately. If someone has convinced you that they're perfect, then they're probably hiding a **sinister** secret.

To demonstrate what I mean, I'll tell you a story.

Years ago, I fell in love with a restaurant owner. He was beautiful, hilarious, and an extremely talented chef.

He also took me on **lavish** vacations to incredible destinations.

He seemed perfect, but after six months of dating, he confessed that he was an **assassin** and that all those vacations were work trips. He told me that his next mission was to kill my ex-boss.

Of course, I escaped out of the window immediately, notified my former boss, and we never saw each other again. Even now, I wonder what else he was hiding. Did he even enjoy cooking?

In short, there's probably something horribly wrong with your boyfriend.

You need to find someone with more obvious **flaws**, and then you won't be unpleasantly surprised later.

Good Luck!

Lucy

## Vocabulary

- sinister: 英 /ˈsɪnɪstə(r)/, 美 /ˈsɪnɪstər/ _adj._ 危险的, 不吉祥的, 凶兆的, 险恶的
- assassin: _n._ 暗杀者, 行刺者
