---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Don't Feed the Seals

Lucy and her granddaughter, Lin, are visiting a beach. It is **covered** with hundreds of seals.

They see a sign that says, "Danger! Do not feed the seals! $100 fine."

- **Lucy**: Wow! I've never seen this many seals in my life.
- **Lin**: Why are those seals just lying there?
- **Lucy**: They're at the beach. That's what we do at the beach.
- **Lin**: I still wish they would do something.
- **Lucy**: You're not the only one. Look.

Lucy points at a teenage boy throwing popcorn to the seals.

Lucy shouts at the boy.

- **Lucy**: Hey! You can't feed the seals!

The boy shouts back at Lucy.

- **Boy**: Go away!

The boy **continues** feeding the seals.

- **Lucy**: He shouldn't have done that.

A crowd of seals start to surround the boy.

- **Lin**: Oh no! The seals are chasing him!
- **Boy**: Help me! Please!
- **Lucy**: We have to get their attention!
  - Do you have anything you can throw?

Lin looks in her bag.

- **Lin**: Just this sandwich.

Lucy takes the sandwich from Lin and throws it toward the seals.

- **Lucy**: Hey, seals! Look over here!
- **Lin**: It's working!
- **Lucy**: It's working ... too well.

The seals begin moving toward Lin and Lucy.

- **Lin**: The seals are coming toward us!
- **Lucy**: Run!

Lin and Lucy turn and run into a **park ranger**.

- **Park Ranger**: Excuse me.
- **Lin**: Help! Those seals are chasing us!
- **Park Ranger**: Because you fed them!
- **Lin**: We weren't feeding them!
- **Park Ranger**: I saw you throw that sandwich.
- **Lucy**: We were trying to rescue the boy!
- **Park Ranger**: What boy?

Lin and Lucy turn and see the boy running away.

- **Park Ranger**: It says on the sign, "Don't feed the seals." You need to pay a $100 fine.
- **Lucy**: We **should have let** the seals eat the boy.

## Writing

### Do you think it was a good idea for Lin and Lucy to feed the seals? Why?

I think it was a gad idea to feed the seals. They should keep themselves safe and then save the boy. The boy broke the rule first, they should **have** asked the worker for help first.

## Vocabulary

- running away: 在逃跑
- Park ranger: 公园管理员
- ranger: 英 /'reɪn(d)ʒə/ 美 /'rendʒɚ/
  - n. 护林者
  - 〈美〉突击队员
