---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Bad at Soccer

Junior is in his room playing a video game. Eddy comes in with a shopping bag.

- **Eddy**: Junior! Look! I bought something for you! A new soccer ball!
- **Junior**: Dad, you know I'm bad at soccer.
- **Eddy**: That's not true! You're good at everything.
- **Junior**: We played soccer in gym class, and I was not good.
- **Eddy**: I don't believe you're not good. Come on, I'll show you how to kick the ball.

Eddy and Junior go outside to the patio.

- **Eddy**: It's a perfect day for soccer!
- **Junior**: It's also a perfect day for the air conditioner. It's really hot out here.

Eddy kicks the ball to Junior. Junior tries to kick it back, but he misses.

- **Junior**: See? I told you I'm not good at soccer.
- **Eddy**: Try one more time! And kick the ball as hard as you can!

Eddy kicks the ball to Junior again. This time, Junior kicks it as hard as he can.

- **Junior**: I kicked the ball!

The ball flies high through the air.

- **Eddy**: I knew you were good at soccer!

Suddenly, they hear a loud crash.

- **Eddy**: Oh no. The ball broke Lucy's window!

Lucy comes outside holding the soccer ball.

- **Eddy**: Lucy? Hi! Uh… You look upset.
- **Lucy**: Of course I'm upset. You guys broke my window!
- **Eddy**: Junior, tell Lucy you're sorry.
- **Junior**: Me?! But this was your idea!
- **Eddy**: Junior...
- **Junior**: Fine.
  - Lucy, I'm sorry that my dad made me play soccer.

## Writing

What happened in this storey? Tell us.

In the story, at first, Junior didn't want to play soccer, but Eddy encouraged him to do it. Then Junior succeed**ed in kicking** the soccer, but he broke Lucy's window too, and he need to apologized to Lucy, which he didn't want **to do** because Junior thought it was Eddy's fault.
