---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Be Honest

Oscar and his friend Lucy are at a fancy restaurant.

- **Oscar**: The chef is my friend. He went to school in Paris to study cooking.
- **Lucy**: I don't care where he went to school. I just want to eat!

A waiter brings them plates of food.

- **Lucy**: This looks great!
- **Oscar**: But it smells strange.

They start to eat. Suddenly, Oscar stops eating.

- **Oscar**: The salmon is very salty…
- **Lucy**: And the broccoli is too soft.
- **Oscar**: And the shrimp is not cooked well.
- **Lucy**: Oscar, this meal is awful.
- **Oscar**: Ugh, you're right. But I can't be honest with him.
  - He was so excited to open this restaurant.
- **Lucy**: If you're really friends with him, then you need to be honest, Oscar.

The chef comes to their table.

- **Chef**: Oscar, I'm glad you came! Do you like the food? It's my newest recipe!
- **Oscar**: It's … well …
  - I'm sorry. I have to be honest.
  - The salmon… It's a little salty… and the broccoli, well …
- **Lucy**: He means the food is bad. Sorry.
- **Chef**: Oh no. I was afraid it wasn't good. Thanks for being honest.
  - You are a true friend.
- **Oscar**: I am always happy to help.
- **Chef**: Then you both should come to my next dinner.
  - You have to try the rest of my new recipes!

**Oscar and Lucy look at each other.**

- **Lucy**: Unfortunately, I'm leaving for a long vacation soon.
- **Oscar**: You are?
  - I mean, that's right, we're going together! We won't be back for many months.
- **Chef**: Really? When are you leaving?
- **Oscar**: Uhh … Friday.
- **Chef**: Great! The dinner is tomorrow. You can still come!
