---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Beach Cleanup

Lin meets her friend, Bea, at the beach. Lin is carrying a portable speaker, a beach ball, and a cooler.

- **Bea**: Lin, why do you look like you're going to a beach party?!
- **Lin**: Because we're at the beach!
- **Bea**: We're here to clean it up!
- **Lin**: But I already invited a few friends for a party...
- **Bea**: Lin, turtles will be coming here to nest in a few weeks. If we don't clean the trash off the beach, they might die!

Lin takes a soda out from her cooler and starts playing music on her speaker.

- **Lin**: Alright, but can you rub some sunscreen on my back first?
- **Bea**: We don't have time for that!

Bea starts picking up trash. By the time Lin's friends arrive, Bea has already filled three bags with trash from the beach. A minute later, she gets hit by a volleyball.

- **Lin**: Sorry! I haven't played volleyball in a while...
- **Bea**: Lin, you're supposed to be helping me clean this beach!
- **Lin**: Bea, relax. We have plenty of time.
- **Bea**: Let's split up. I'll clean the other half of the beach, and you can clean up this half.

An hour later, Bea is exhausted and stops to take a break. She sees Lin dancing with her friends.

- **Bea**: Lin, what are you doing?! Now we'll never finish!
- **Lin**: But my side of the beach is clean.

Bea sees that Lin's side is **spotless**. She's shocked.

- **Bea**: You picked up all that trash by yourself?
- **Lin**: No, I didn't pick up any trash at all.
  - I just told all my friends they couldn't have any of my delicious drinks or snacks until after they filled four bags of trash from the beach.
- **Bea**: Wow, that's smart.
- **Lin**: It's getting so hot now. It's time to go swimming!
- **Bea**: Wait, can I have one of your sodas first?
- **Lin**: Yeah, sure, you can have one after you've cleaned up your side of the beach.

## Vocabulary

- spotless: very clean
