---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Hannah's Party

Zari is at a party at her friend Hannah's house. Lily arrives at the party.

- **Zari**: Lily! What are you doing here? You hate parties.
- **Lily**: I heard that Hannah is moving away.
- **Zari**: I didn't know that you were friends with Hannah.

Lily walks through the house looking for Hannah. Zari follows her.

- **Zari**: You didn't come to my party last week.
- **Lily**: I need to see Hannah before she moves away.

Lily opens a door and sees two **teenagers** kissing. (~~teenages~~)

- **Lily**: Ew.

She closes the door and **continues** walking.

- **Zari**: Wait, is Hannah secretly your best friend?

They walk past a pool. A tall boy gets out of the water and **comes over** to them.

- **Boy**: Lily! You're at a party?
- **Lily**: Go away. I'm busy.

Lily pushes the boy into the pool.

- **Zari**: OK. Let's find your best friend Hannah now. You can tell her you'll miss her so much.

Lily and Zari see a girl standing in the kitchen.

- **Lily**: Hey, Jamie. Have you seen Hannah?
- **Jamie**: She's over there.
- **Lily**: Come on, Zari. Let's go talk to Hannah. And stop being jealous.
- **Zari**: I'm not jealous. It's OK that you like Hannah more than you like me...
- **Lily**: Zari...

They walk over to Hannah.

- **Hannah**: Lily! I'm surprised to see you. Don't you hate parties?
- **Zari**: She does hate parties, but she really wanted to see you.
- **Hannah**: Really?
- **Zari**: Yes, because Lily's your best friend, right?
- **Hannah**: Uh... no.
- **Zari**: Then why are you here, Lily?
- **Lily**: I'm here because Hannah owes me twenty dollars. I wanted to get it before she moved.
- **Zari**: Ohhhh!
  - Hannah! You need to give my best friend Lily her money now!

## Writing

### Describe Lily. Why doesn't she like going to parties?

Lily is a cool girl. She doesn't like going to parties probably because she thinks no one can understand her.
