---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# House Party

Bea’s boss is paying Bea to take care of his mansion while he’s on vacation.

Bea’s friend Lin arrives at the house with several friends.

- **Bea**: Lin, who are all of these people?!
- **Lin**: You said I could come over.
- **Bea**: I didn’t say you could bring any friends **besides** yourself.
- **Lin**: Don’t worry, they’re cool.
- **Bea**: They might break something or make a huge mess!
- **Lin**: But they’ll help us clean the house after the party.
- **Bea**: We’re not having a party!

**The next morning, after the party, Bea is looking at a big mess in the house.**

- **Bea**: There’s trash everywhere!
- **Lin**: Don’t worry. I’ll help you clean.
  - We’ll be done very soon.

**Six hours later, they’re still cleaning. Lin moves a sofa and finds a large hole in the wall.**

- **Bea**: Oh no! Someone made a hole in the wall!
  - Lin, your friends did this, didn’t they?
- **Lin**: No, they didn’t!

**Bea finds some supplies to fix the hole.**

- **Bea**: Ugh, why did I invite you here? You’re not a responsible person.
- **Lin**: Well, at least I know how to have fun. No one invites you to parties because you’re not fun.
- **Bea**: That’s so mean!
- **Lin**: You were mean to me first!

**Suddenly, Bea’s boss walks in.**

- **Boss**: Excuse me. What are you doing?
- **Bea**: We’re so sorry!
- **Boss**: Why? You’re fixing that ugly hole **in** the wall. It’s been there for years.
- **Bea**: That hole has been there for years?!
- **Boss**: Yes! Thanks for fixing it.
- **Lin**: Bea, I told you my friends didn’t do this.
- **Boss**: Um, your friends were here?
