---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# JJ's Astronaut Adventures - B2

From: jj@duomail.co

To: zari@duomail.co

Subject: JJ's Astronaut Adventures Brochure

Dear Zari,

Thanks for inquiring about our astronaut camp. Here is some information to share with your parents!

INTRODUCING JJ's ASTRONAUT ADVENTURES

If you've been daydreaming of getting your kids out of the house for the summer, JJ's Astronaut Adventures Camp is here to help! It's the perfect space-themed summer camp!

While your kids are at our camp, you'll be able to enjoy well-deserved peace and quiet. You'll finally be able to finish that email you started last month, work on your taxes or have a conversation with another adult!

But don't worry, your kid doesn't need to be good at physics or chemistry, or even know basic **arithmetic**. If they've ever looked up at the night sky even once, then they're qualified to join us!

At Astronaut Adventures, all our amazing camp activities are taught by JJ, the founder of the camp. He's highly knowledgeable about space, having watched every "Space Viking" movie. JJ even once **filled out an application** to work at NASA!

Our campers will have access to **telescopes** (for an additional cost), a zero gravity simulator (a trampoline), and unlimited special space snacks (i.e., cereal).

Our space camp may seem a little **pricey**, but remember, time away from your kid is worth every dollar.

Please sign up soon so that JJ's mom knows how many spacesuits to make, and please note that we do not give refunds.

Sincerely,

JJ's Astronaut Adventures LLC

## Vocabulary

- arithmetic 英 /əˈrɪθmətɪk/, 美 /əˈrɪθmətɪk/: 算术

## Sentences

- JJ 甚至还填过一份申请表，想在 NASA 工作！
  - JJ even once **filled out an application** to work at NASA!
- JJ 的宇航员冒险手册
  - JJ's Astronaut Adventures
