---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Junior the Teenager - B2

Journal Entry: October 13

Today I went with my dad to the high school where he works. While he was teaching his gym class, I was able to observe teenagers in their natural habitat.

Here are some of the things I did to blend in:

1. I never looked away from my phone. If anyone talked to me, I just **stared at my phone** during the entire conversation.<br/>The only time I looked away from it was when someone showed me something really cool on their own phone.

2. I never smiled. It seemed like the less I smiled, the cooler I looked. <br/> Most teenagers want to look cool and disinterested, so it's important to act like everything is terrible, even if the lunch at school that day is pizza.

3. I photographed everything. <br/> Teens can't do anything without taking lots of photos. <br/> My dad says your memory gets worse as you get older, so maybe that's why teens have to take hundreds of pictures of the same thing from slightly different angles.

In the end, I realized it's actually a lot more fun to be a kid than a teen.

Teens spend way too much time on social media when they could be playing games on their phones.

## Vocabulary

- Journal Entry: 记录
- Blend in: 融入
- never look away: 从没把视线移开过
- Disinterested: 冷漠的
- Whatever: 怎么都行

## Sentences

- 日记：十月十三日
  - Journal Entry: October 13
- - While he was teaching his gym class, I was able to observe teenagers in their natural habitat.
  - 当他教体育课时，我得以观察青少年们在这种环境下/场景中的状态。
- Here are some of the things I did to blend in:
  - 以下是我为了融入其中而做的一些事情：
  - 以下是我为了不引人注意而做的一些事情：
