---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Junior's Dance Moves - B2

Junior is at a friend's birthday party with his babysitter, Zari. Zari's best friend, Lily, is the DJ.

- **Zari**: Your friends will be so impressed with the dance moves I taught you, Junior!
- **Junior**: Obviously! But I just want Lily to see my moves. Then she'll finally realize we're meant to be together.
- **Zari**: Junior, I told you that Lily prefers to be alone, remember?
  - Maybe you should talk to some girls your own age.
- **Junior**: But they're not as cool as Lily.
  - I'm going to show her my dance moves now!

Junior walks out onto the dance floor and leaps and spins to the music.

He spins again and again until he almost falls down.

- **Lily**: Whoa, Junior, are you feeling sick? If you're going to throw up, get far away from my DJ table.
- **Junior**: Aww… You're worried about me! I knew you would fall in love with me after watching me dance. We can have our first date this weekend.
- **Lily**: Ugh, gross. I hate dancing, and I'm twice your age.

  - So, in other words, we're never going on a date. Understand?

  Junior **runs off** the dance floor. Zari follows him.

- **Zari**: Junior, are you alright?
- **Junior**: I'm fine. I guess Lily will realize I'm her soulmate another day.
  - I just want to be alone now.

Zari gives Junior a hug and leaves. Soon, a girl named Sabrina shyly approaches Junior.

- **Sabrina**: Hey Junior… I really liked your dance moves. I was wondering… Do you want to dance with me?
- **Junior**: Really? Yeah, sure!

Later, Zari sees Junior and Sabrina dancing and laughing. Zari whispers to him.

- **Zari**: Aw, you guys are so adorable.
  - See, Junior? The dance moves worked! Also, this girl is your age! Now you can forget about Lily.
- **Junior**: Forget about Lily? Never! I'm only doing this to make her jealous.

- **Zari**: Oh, Junior…

Junior continues dancing **enthusiastically**.

- **Junior**: Is Lily watching?

## Vocabulary

- throw up: 吐
- Enthusiastically:

## Sentences

- Junior 走到舞池中央，随着音乐跳跃旋转。
  - Junior walks out onto the dance floor and **leaps** and **spins** to the music.
- 哇，Junior，你感觉不舒服吗？如果你要吐了，赶紧远离我的 DJ 台。
  - Whoa, Junior, are you feeling sick? If you're going to **throw up**, get far away from my DJ table.

## Writing

### What advice would you give Junior? What should he do now?

I would tell Junior do whatever he likes. For young kids, it will not work if you simply stop them, just let them do what they like, as time goes, they will make different choice.

I would tell Junior **to** do whatever he likes. For young kids, it will not work if you simply stop them**;** just let them do what they like, **and** as time goes **on**, they will make different **choices**.

I would tell Junior **to** do whatever he likes. For young kids, it will not work if you simply stop them**.** Just let them do what they like, **and** as time goes **by**, they will make different **choices**.

### "As time goes on" and "as time goes by"

These are both **correct and natural** phrases in English, commonly used to describe the passage of time.

- **"As time goes on"** – slightly more formal or reflective
- **"As time goes by"** – often used in a poetic or nostalgic tone (e.g., in songs)
