---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Waiting for George

Lucy is leaving a nice restaurant.

She sees her friend, Julia, sitting at a table by herself.

- **Lucy**: Julia! What's wrong? You look sad!
- **Julia**: Oh, Lucy, it's awful! It's my anniversary, but I don't think George is coming.
- **Lucy**: What? Why not?
- **Julia**: I forgot our anniversary last year, and I think he's still angry about it. He's very late.
- **Lucy**: But that was a year ago!
  - He's probably late because of traffic.
- **Julia**: No, he's not coming....
  - And look at everything I did for him this year. I got his favorite flowers.
  - And I hired a musician to play his favorite song.

Julia points to a violin player at a nearby table.

- **Julia**: The musician has been waiting for an hour.
- **Lucy**: George is an hour late?! Maybe he isn't coming...
- **Julia**: He was so angry when I forgot our anniversary last year.
  - This year, I remembered everything. But he's not here! Now I know our relationship is finished.
- **Lucy**: Julia, George is terrible. You can find five men in this restaurant who are better than him.
- **Julia**: You don't like George?
- **Lucy**: I have never liked George! He talks too much.

Julia gets a text message.

- **Julia**: Oh, George just texted me!
  - He says, "I'm so excited for our anniversary tomorrow."
  - What?! Our anniversary is the fifteenth!
- **Lucy**: Julia, tomorrow is the fifteenth.
- **Julia**: Oh, my anniversary is tomorrow!
  - I feel much better now!
- **Lucy**: Oh, great! Everything is OK with you and George!
- **Julia**: Yes! I'm so happy. But wait, do you really think George talks too much?
