---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# What's That Smell - B2

Bea and her friend Lin are wearing **blindfolds** on a TV game show.

- **Host**: Welcome to the guessing game "What's That Smell?"!
  - Let's meet the **contestants**.
- **Bea**: Hello! I'm Bea, a world traveler who loves food and wine. I have an excellent sense of smell, so I'll definitely win the trip to Sicily.
- **Lin**: Whoa, there's a prize? I'm just here because this is a game I play at home when I'm bored.
- **Host**: Interesting ... Now let's bring out the first mystery object!
  - If you recognize the smell, press the buzzer in front of you.
  - Remember, keep your blindfolds on at all times, or you'll automatically lose.

Bea and Lin both lean in to smell item #1. Bea hits the buzzer.

- **Bea**: **Truffles**! I'm almost certain this is a **truffle** pasta.
- **Host**: Exactly! One point for Bea.

Item #2 is presented. Bea and Lin both press the buzzer.

- **Bea**: It's a saltwater fish dish, no question ... Tuna salad?
- **Lin**: No way! It's cat food!
- **Host**: Correct, Lin!

Before item #3 is brought out, Lin hits the buzzer.

- **Lin**: Dirty sock!
- **Bea**: They haven't even presented the object yet!
- **Lin**: I'm positive. There's absolutely no way this has been washed in the past five days.
- **Host**: Incredible! A "five-day-old dirty sock" is the correct answer!
  - There's one object remaining ... Lin is currently winning, but Bea, you have a chance to tie if you get the next one right.

Bea takes a deep breath as they're presented with the final object. Both Lin and Bea hit the buzzer instantly.

- **Lin**: Pizza!

Lin removes her blindfold.

- **Lin**: Perfect! I'm starving.

Lin starts eating.

- **Host**: Oh no! Lin has removed her blindfold, which means she loses!
  - Congratulations, Bea! Now you get to move on to the final category: rotten garbage!
- **Bea**: Oh ... great.

## Vocabulary

- Blindfolds: 眼罩
- Contestants: 选手们
  - 英 /kənˈtestənt/, 美 /kənˈtestənt/
  - n. 竞争者; 参赛者
- Sicily: 西西里岛
- the buzzer: 蜂鸣器
- Truffles: 松露
- Rotten: 英 /ˈrɒtn/, 美 /ˈrɑːtn/ 腐烂的

## Sentences

- 绝对不可能这在过去五天内被洗过。
  - There's absolutely no way this has been washed in the past five days.
