---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Eat Your Vegetables

**Eddy and Junior are eating dinner in the kitchen.**

- **Eddy**: Junior, you need to eat your vegetables.
- **Junior**: I respect your opinion, but no thank you.
- **Eddy**: But vegetables make you strong!
- **Junior**: Lions don’t eat vegetables, and they’re strong.
  - Can I have candy instead?
- **Eddy**: If you eat your vegetables every night this week, I will let you buy one bag of candy at the grocery store on Sunday.
- **Junior**: Really? But you never let me buy candy!
- **Eddy**: Because I don’t like to have candy in the house.
- **Junior**: OK, I’ll eat my vegetables!

Junior quickly eats all his vegetables.

- **Junior**: I’m going to eat my vegetables every night. I can’t wait to go to the grocery store on Sunday!

On Sunday, they go to the store.

- **Eddy**: Remember, you can only get one bag of candy.

Junior takes out a huge bag that he brought from home.

- **Eddy**: Junior, that bag is too big.
- **Junior**: You said I could have one bag of candy. You didn’t say a small bag.
- **Eddy**: Fine, but you have to eat your vegetables when we get home.

Junior quickly fills the bag with lots of candy.

Eddy pays for the candy, and they go home.

That night, they eat dinner **in** the kitchen.

- **Junior**: Dad, you aren’t eating your vegetables.
- **Eddy**: I don’t feel very good.
- **Junior**: Well, I ate all my broccoli. Can I please have my candy now?
- **Eddy**: No.
- **Junior**: What? Why?
- **Eddy**: There is no candy.
- **Junior**: What do you mean? Why?
- **Eddy**: Because … I ate it.
- **Junior**: You ate all of the candy?!
- **Eddy**: All of it. This is why I don’t like to have candy in the house.
