---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Eddy's **Chores** - B2

Dear Dad,

Do you remember that time you borrowed $25 for pizza? Well, I'm writing to tell you that I feel it's unfair for me to continue doing my **chores** until you pay me back.

Therefore, until your loan has been repaid to me in full, the following chores will be reassigned to you:

**Washing Dishes**

You'll be responsible for washing the dishes every day. And you may not put them away while they are still wet.

As you always **say**, "Washing the dishes includes drying the dishes." I think this rule is **dumb**, but it's your rule, so you must follow it.

Also, don't cheat and buy paper plates. It's bad for the environment.

**Picking Up My Toys**

Please put all of my toys into the big blue box in my closet. You have my permission to play with my action figures, but don't put Skull Man in the closet. He is afraid of the dark.

And because I'm feeling generous, you may play my video games before putting them away. Just don't change my settings!

**Cleaning the Bathroom**

I propose that we eliminate this chore. Why do we have to clean the bathroom at all? Doesn't the toilet clean itself every time you flush?

Let's just stop doing it. We'll both be happier.

If you haven't paid me back by next week, expect more of my chores to be added to this list.

Thank you for your cooperation.

Sincerely,

Junior

## Speaking

### Practice History

Why can't Skull Man go in the closet?

Skull Man can't / because / afraid of

Skull Man can't be put in the closet because he is afraid of the dark.

> Corrections:

1. "can't be put in the closet" → passive voice is acceptable but “can’t go in the closet” is more natural and closer to the original story tone.

Skull Man **can’t go in** the closet because he is afraid of the dark.

Skull Man 不能进衣柜，因为他害怕黑暗。
