---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Going Away Party

Oscar is moving to a new city for a new job.

His friends are having a goodbye party for him.

- **Oscar**: Thank you, everyone! I'm so lucky to have friends.
  - I will miss you all.
- **Lucy**: What will you miss about us, Oscar?
- **Oscar**: Um … I'll miss hearing your alarm every morning, Lucy. It always wakes me up so early.
- **Lucy**: Thanks, Oscar! I'll miss living next to you.
- **Oscar**: And Eddy … I suppose I'll miss spending time with you and Junior.
- **Eddy**: Actually, you promised to babysit Junior, but you never did.
- **Oscar**: Oh, well. Now it's too late.
- **Bea**: What will you miss about me, Oscar?
- **Oscar**: I'll miss trying new things with you, Bea.
- **Bea**: You also said you wanted to go camping with me, Oscar, but you never did.
- **Oscar**: Yeah, I'm sorry we never slept outside in the cold, near spiders and bears.

Oscar receives an email on his phone. He reads it and looks upset.

- **Lucy**: Is everything OK, Oscar?
- **Oscar**: No, I don't have a new job anymore, so I can't move away. And I'll have to stay at my old job.
- **Lucy**: Oh no!
- **Oscar**: I'm so embarrassed. What do I tell everyone?

Lucy turns to everyone else at the party.

- **Lucy**: Everyone, I have great news! Oscar is staying. He decided he will miss us too much!

Everyone cheers.

- **Eddy**: Now you can babysit Junior this weekend, Oscar!
- **Bea**: And, we can go camping next weekend! We just have to wake up early.
- **Lucy**: Don't worry, Oscar. My alarm will wake you up!
- **Oscar**: Great. I'm so lucky to have friends.
