---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# A Real Prince

Zari runs up to Lily in the hall at school.

- **Zari**: Guess what?!
- **Lily**: There's a new boy in school that you're already in love with?
- **Zari**: How did you know?
- **Lily**: You only get really excited when you do well on a test or have a new crush.
- **Zari**: But what's cool is that this new boy is a real prince!
- **Lily**: Who told you that?
- **Zari**: According to Francesca, he moved here from Norway. She heard that his dad is the king!
- **Lily**: Who cares?
- **Zari**: Me! What if we fall in love and get married?! Then I'd be a real princess!
- **Lily**: You don't want to be part of a **patriarchal monarchy**, do you?
- **Zari**: Well, no, but imagine all the great things I could do for society as a princess!
- **Lily**: You would just go to a lot of boring events.
- **Zari**: No, I'd support great charities! Plus, I'd get to wear a crown.

Later, Lily and Zari are in the cafeteria. Zari is walking with a book on her head.

- **Lily**: What are you doing?
- **Zari**: I need to practice walking while wearing a heavy crown. Do I look graceful?
- **Lily**: Do you really want me to answer that question?

Zari sees the boy.

- **Zari**: There he is!

Zari drags Lily over to talk to him.

- **Zari**: Hi! I'm Zari! Welcome to our country!

She bows awkwardly.

- **Boy**: Um… Why are you bowing?
- **Zari**: I'm greeting you with respect.
- **Boy**: OK… Thanks?
- **Lily**: Oh no, should I kiss your hand?

She tries to kiss his hand, but he pulls it away.

- **Lily**: Sorry, she's being weird. Someone told her you're a prince.
- **Boy**: What? I'm not a prince.
- **Zari**: But Francesca said your dad was the king of Norway!
- **Boy**: Well, everyone calls him the "pizza king". He owns the largest chain of pizza restaurants in Norway!
- **Zari**: Oh…
- **Lily**: That's actually cool.
  - Zari, if you get married, you'll get something even better than a crown.
  - You'll get free pizza for life.

---

### Vocabulary

- patriarchal monarchy: 父权君主制
- patriarchal: 英 /ˌpeɪtriˈɑːkl/ 美 /ˌpeɪtriˈɑːrkl/
  - adj. 由男人统治或控制的,家长统治下的, 家长(似)的,族长(似)的,可尊敬的,威严的
  - adj. 宗法封建性的
- monarchy: 英 /ˈmɒnəki/ 美 /ˈmɑːnərki/
  - n. 君主统治, 君主制度
  - 君主国
