---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# A Relaxing Weekend

Vikram's wife, Priti, has been working hard on a project for weeks.

Vikram calls her at her office.

- **Priti**: Hi, Vikram! Am I late for lunch?
- **Vikram**: It's actually dinner time.
- **Priti**: Oh, I didn't realize it was so late.
- **Vikram**: You've been working so much that we haven't spent any time together…
- **Priti**: I know, I'm sorry.
- **Vikram**: That's why I've planned a surprise weekend trip!
- **Priti**: Ah! That's just what I need.

The next morning, Vikram drives Priti to the countryside.

- **Vikram**: This isn't a regular hotel. It's a unique experience!

They go to the front desk.

- **Receptionist**: Welcome, here are the keys to your barn.
- **Priti**: Barn?!
- **Vikram**: We've never slept in a barn!
- **Priti**: Yes, because we're not horses.
- **Receptionist**: You'll love it! Would you like some water?
- **Priti**: That would be great!

The receptionist hands Priti a bucket.

- **Receptionist**: The well is at the top of the hill.
- **Priti**: There's no faucet in the barn? I'm not walking up that hill.
- **Vikram**: But the water will be so fresh.
- **Priti**: I'm too tired. I just want to go to sleep and wake up late tomorrow.

The next day, a **rooster** wakes them up at five in the morning.

The receptionist knocks on their door.

- **Receptionist**: Time to go! You don't want to be late.
- **Priti**: For what?
- **Receptionist**: For **collecting** eggs from our chickens to make breakfast!
- **Vikram**: Ooh… you love fresh eggs, honey. Right?

Next, Vikram and Priti have to milk a cow to get cream for coffee.

- **Priti**: Vikram, this is exhausting!
- **Vikram**: I'm sorry. This is the opposite of **a relaxing vacation**.
- **Priti**: But on the other hand, I haven't thought about my stressful job in hours.
- **Vikram**: So, should we stay another night?
- **Priti**: Absolutely not.

---

### Vocabulary

- well: 水井
- rooster: 英 /'ruːstə/, 美 /'rustɚ/公鸡
- barn: 马厩
