---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# A Romantic Date

Eddy sees his neighbour Lin in their apartment hallway.

- **Eddy**: Hey, Lin!
- **Lin**: Eddy! I need help. My date is coming over, and I'm nervous.
- **Eddy**: You're never nervous. She must be special!
- **Lin**: Yeah, I want our date to be romantic.
  - Where should I order pizza from?
- **Eddy**: You can't order pizza! To be romantic, you have to cook dinner and light candles.
- **Lin**: But I'm a terrible cook!
  - I wish I hadn't invited her here. I'll just call her and cancel.
- **Eddy**: No! I'll help you! I just watched a cooking video for **lobster lasagna**. It looked super easy.
- **Lin**: Are you sure?
- **Eddy**: Absolutely! She'll be so impressed.

A few hours later, the **doorbell** rings.

- **Lin**: Natalia! This is my friend, Eddy. He's helping me make dinner.
- **Natalia**: Awesome!
- **Eddy**: You don't need to worry about dinner now! **Hang out** in the living room, and I'll take care of everything.

Lin and Natalia sit on the couch in the **candlelit** living room.

- **Natalia**: Thanks for inviting me here, Lin.
- **Lin**: Thanks for coming.

Natalia moves closer to Lin. Just then, they hear a loud **bang** and see a rolling pin rolling out of the kitchen.

- **Natalia**: I'm not sure, but it seems like your friend needs help…
- **Lin**: He's just **clumsy**. Let's listen to some music.

Lin plays some soft music.

- **Natalia**: I love music.
- **Lin**: Me too.

Suddenly, Eddy screams.

- **Lin**: Eddy, are you OK?

Eddy steps out of the kitchen. A lobster is **holding onto** his **earlobe** with its claw.

- **Eddy**: I'm fine.

Eddy returns to the kitchen.

- **Natalia**: So… what kind of music do you like?
- **Lin**: Whatever you like.

As Lin puts her arm around Natalia, the fire alarm **goes off**.

- **Natalia**: Is something burning?
- **Eddy**: You don't need to worry about anything!

Just then, the doorbell rings and Eddy runs to open the door. Three firefighters and a pizza delivery man are there.

- **Eddy**: Lin, the firefighters are here for me. The pizza's for you. Enjoy.

---

### Sentences

- Natalia 靠近 Lin。就在这时，他们听到一声巨响，看见一个擀面杖从厨房滚了出来。
  - Natalia moves closer to Lin. Just then, they hear a loud bang and see **a rolling pin** rolling out of the kitchen.
- 当 Lin 搂住 Natalia 时，火警铃响了起来。
  - As Lin puts her arm around Natalia, the fire alarm goes off.

---

### Vocabulary

- hallway: 走廊
- Lasagna 英 /lə'zænjə/,美 /lə'sænjə/: 千层面
- Clumsy: 笨手笨脚
- Earlobe 英 /'ɪələʊb/, 美 /ˈɪrˌlob/: 耳垂
- Claw 英 /klɔː/, 美 /klɔː/: 钳子
- goes off: 响起
