---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Adopt These Dogs

From: jessie@duomail.co

To: junior@duomail.co

Subject: Dogs for Adoption

Hello Junior,

I'm so happy you're interested in adopting a dog from our **shelter**!

Here are three profiles of **hypoallergenic** dogs who meet your **criteria**.

**Steve**

Steve is a 15-year-old sheepdog who used all of his energy in the first fourteen years of his life. Now, he **dedicates** every day to sleep.

In fact, he's so **sedentary** that you can use him as a pillow. But don't worry, you'll still get your exercise because you'll have to carry all eighty pounds of Steve during his daily "walks."

**Hot Dog**

Hot Dog is a 5-year-old **miniature poodle**. Unlike Steve, Hot Dog is full of energy. She needs to play for approximately fifteen hours every day.

She loves all sports, especially those involving running, chasing, and chewing.

Speaking of chewing, Hot Dog is the perfect **companion** if you want to have a **minimalist** lifestyle because she'll slowly but surely destroy all of your belongings.

**Fluffy**

Fluffy is a 3-year-old **terrier**. He's so adorable that it almost **makes** up for the fact that he requires ridiculous amounts of attention.

Fluffy's perfect for an owner who doesn't have any other obligations in life, like friends, hobbies, or a job. As you can imagine, he's quite jealous, so don't even think about petting any other dogs. He'll know.

As you can see, each of these dogs is charming in **its** own way. Feel free to come to our shelter anytime.

**Sincerely**,

Jessie

Adoption Coordinator

---

### Vocabulary

- Shelter: 收养中心
- hypoallergenic: 符合低过敏性的
  - 英 /ˌhaɪpo,ælɚ'dʒɛnɪk/ 美 /ˌhaɪpoˌælɚˈdʒɛnɪk/
- sedentary: 久坐不动的
  - 英 /ˈsedntri/ 美 /ˈsednteri/
- Miniature poodles: 迷你贵宾犬
  - 英 /'pu:dl/ 美 /'pu:dl/
- minimalist: 简约主义的
- terrier: a small active dog. There are many types of terrier.
  一种活泼的小狗
