---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# An Old Friend

Eddy is picking up Junior from school.

- **Junior**: Dad! Can we go to the park today? I want to play with Rusty.
- **Eddy**: Absolutely! I like Rusty.
  - He reminds me of my best friend when I was your age.
  - His name was Joe.
  - We used to throw rocks into the lake, run around the neighborhood, and climb tall trees.
- **Junior**: That sounds like so much fun!
- **Eddy**: But I haven't seen him since we were ten.
  - I'm glad you have a friend like I had.

Later that day, Eddy takes Junior to the park to see Rusty and his Dad.

- **Joe**: Hi, I'm Rusty's dad. Wait, is that you, Eddy?!
- **Eddy**: Joe?! I haven't seen you in such a long time!
- **Joe**: I can't believe it's you!

Eddy and Joe hug.

- **Eddy**: We used to have so much fun when we were kids.
- **Joe**: Yeah! We used to throw rocks in the lake to scare the ducks…
- **Eddy**: Wait, what?
- **Joe**: Yeah! Stupid ducks.
  - Remember when I broke your neighbor's window and we had to run from his dogs?
- **Eddy**: Oh, that's right…
- **Joe**: And remember that time we were climbing a tree, and then I pushed you and you fell?
- **Eddy**: I broke my leg!
- **Joe**: And you missed your big football game! Hahaha!
- **Eddy**: I forgot about that.
- **Joe**: It's funny, your parents wouldn't let me hang out with you anymore after that.

Eddy waves to Junior.

- **Eddy**: Junior! It's time to go home.

Eddy grabs Junior, and they leave.

- **Junior**: Dad, what's wrong? Why are we leaving?
- **Eddy**: I don't want you to play with Rusty anymore.
  - He reminds me of his dad.
