---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Are We Cool?

Bea and Lin are in the hall of their apartment building. They see Zari and Lily.

- **Bea**: What's up, girls?
- **Zari**: It's Friday night! We're going to a party!
- **Lin**: Wow, I forgot it was Friday.
- **Bea**: That's because we just watch TV every night.
- **Lin**: But I love watching TV!

**Next**, they see Eddy in the hall.

- **Bea**: Hey, Eddy, nice suit!
- **Eddy**: Thanks! I have a date with Rosa tonight. We're going on a sunset boat **cruise**!
- **Bea**: Wow, that's… so awesome.
- **Lin**: Let's go, Bea! Our favorite show is starting.

Later, Bea and Lin are watching TV at Lin's place.

- **Bea**: Lin, I have to ask…
  - We're not cool anymore, are we?
- **Lin**: Hmm… I think I'm pretty cool.

Lucy comes out of her room wearing a party dress.

- **Lucy**: I'm going dancing. Bye!
- **Bea**: Wait, we're coming with you!
- **Lin**: We are?
- **Bea**: We're too cool to stay home on a Friday night!

Bea and Lin go with Lucy to a nightclub.

- **Lucy**: Isn't this place cool?!

Bea **accidentally** falls and spills her drink.

- **Bea**: It's so dark! I can't see anything!

Bea and Lin follow Lucy to the **dance floor**. They dance for a while.

- **Bea**: Ugh, it's so hot and crowded here! I want to take a shower.
  - Lin?

Bea looks around. She sees Lin dancing with Lucy on a **stage**. She walks over to them.

- **Bea**: The music here is too loud!
  - And my feet hurt in these shoes!
  - Can we go home?
- **Lin**: Really? But you wanted to go out.
  - And they're playing cool music!

Lin continues dancing.

- **Bea**: I'm not cool anymore, am I?
- **Lin**: Don't worry. You were never cool!

---

### Sentences

- 我们太酷了，怎么能星期五晚上待在家里！
  - We're too cool to stay home on a Friday night!
- Bea 四处张望。她看到 Lin 正在舞台上和 Lucy 跳舞。她走向她们。
  - Bea looks around. She sees Lin dancing with Lucy on a stage. She walks over to them.
