---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Art Class Rules - B2

To my **substitute** teacher,

As you know, I'll be taking a day off tomorrow, so thank you very much for watching my art class while I'm away.

I'm not sure who you are yet, but I **applaud** your courage. Only the bravest people can be teachers.

Have you ever left a museum and felt like you've finally **grasped** the meaning of life?

That experience is what I'm trying to recreate in my art class.

A few suggestions:

1. Don't let the students draw a **portrait** of you. In my experience, it only leads to pain and suffering.
2. Similarly, don't show them your art. (Again, it will only lead to pain and suffering.)
3. Don't let students use their phones in class. This isn't a school rule, but you and I both know social media is ruining civilization.
4. Always create an inspiring atmosphere by playing classical music and **dimming** the lights.
5. No eating in class — especially not the grapes that the students are supposed to be painting.
6. And most importantly, always remember that art isn't about having fun. Art is about being inspired, considering the true meaning of life, and painting grapes accurately.

Is all of that clear? If not, call me immediately.

Sincerely,

Oscar

---

### Sentences

- Have you ever left a museum and felt like you've finally **grasped** the meaning of life?
  - 你有没有试过离开博物馆后，感觉自己终于领悟了人生的意义？

---

### Vocabulary

- substitute: 代班
- grasped: 理解了
  - grasp: 英 /ɡrɑːsp/ 美 /ɡræsp/
    - n. 理解；控制；抓住
    - vt. 抓住；领会
    - vi. 抓
- dimming: 调暗
  - 英 /'dimiŋ/ 美 /'dimiŋ/
