---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# At the Gym

Eddy is at the gym exercising with his friend Bea.

He sees a woman walk in with a handsome man.

- **Eddy**: Oh no! I think my ex-girlfriend **Penelope** is here with her new boyfriend.
- **Bea**: Wow! He has a **great body**!
- **Eddy**: Ugh, that doesn't make me feel better.
- **Bea**: I can't believe she brought him here. She knows you come to this gym every day!
- **Eddy**: I need to start running. That'll make me feel better.

Eddy walks over to the **treadmill**. The handsome man gets on the treadmill next to Eddy. He looks over **at** Eddy.

- **Man**: Hi, do I know you?
- **Eddy**: Sorry, I can't talk when I'm running.

Eddy starts running on the treadmill.

- **Man**: Wow, you're fast!
- **Eddy**: I know!

The handsome man starts to run.

- **Man**: You're almost as fast as me!

Eddy sees **Penelope** watching them from across the room.

- **Eddy**: Actually, I can run faster than you!

Eddy increases the speed on his treadmill.

- **Man**: Is this a race? Because I love races!

The handsome man increases his speed, too.

- **Man**: Wait! I do know you. You dated Penelope!
- **Eddy**: Penelope told you about me?!
- **Man**: No, but I saw photos of you on her social media.

Suddenly, Eddy falls off the **treadmill**. The handsome man stops running and helps him.

Penelope runs over to Eddy.

- **Penelope**: Are you OK?
- **Eddy**: Not really. I just fell down in front of my ex-girlfriend and her new boyfriend!
- **Penelope**: Boyfriend? No, this is Adam. He's my cousin!
- **Adam**: And I don't date women!
- **Eddy**: Oh …
- **Adam**: Actually, I thought you were handsome.
  - That's why I **got on** the treadmill next to you.
