---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Aunt Betty

Eddy knocks on the bathroom door.

- **Eddy**: Junior, come out now. We're going to Aunt Betty's house tonight.
- **Junior**: I can't go. I'm sick.
- **Eddy**: You're not sick. You just don't like Aunt Betty.
- **Junior**: You're right, I don't like her. She's mean and all of her candy is old.
  - But **I really am sick.**
- **Eddy**: No, you aren't.
- **Junior**: Yes, I am. My stomach hurts. My face hurts. Everything hurts.
  - I think I'm dying.
- **Eddy**: Aunt Betty will be sad if you don't come with me to visit her.
- **Junior**: I know, but she will be sadder if I die.
- **Eddy**: Junior…
- **Junior**: You can go without me.
  - I'll stay here and watch TV until I feel better.
- **Eddy**: If you come with me to Aunt Betty's house, we can get ice cream.
- **Junior**: Ice cream?
- **Eddy**: I'll buy you the biggest bowl of ice cream at the shop.
- **Junior**: Well… OK.

Junior opens the door … and he looks terrible.

- **Eddy**: Whoa! Wow! Junior, your face is covered in **red spots**!
  - We need to go to the hospital right now!
- **Junior**: The hospital?! You told me we were going to get ice cream!

## Vocabulary

- red sports: 紅斑点
- mean: 吝啬
  - She's mean and all of her candy is old.

## Sentences

- Junior，你的脸上全是红点！
  - Junior, your face is covered in red spots!

## Speaking

**Why does Junior agree to leave the bathroom?**

Junior agrees / because Eddy / big bowl

Junior agrees to leave the bathroom because Eddy promises to buy him a big bowl of ice cream if he does so.

Junior 同意离开浴室，因为 Eddy 承诺如果他这么做，就请他吃一大碗冰淇淋。
