---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# I Can Predict the Future

Bea and Lin are walking down the street.

- **Lin**: Do you want to go get a drink?
- **Bea**: I can't. I have to go home and finish a presentation for a client.
- **Lin**: No, you don't!
- **Bea**: Yes, I do. I have a meeting with this client tomorrow.
- **Lin**: Trust me, you don't have to worry about that meeting.
- **Bea**: How could you possibly know that?
- **Lin**: Well, because I can predict the future. I'm a **psychic**.
- **Bea**: Is that a joke?
- **Lin**: No! Seriously, I predict the future all the time.
- **Bea**: Prove it.
- **Lin**: You see that dog over there? He's going to stop and smell that tree.

Lin points to a dog, who then smells a tree.

- **Bea**: That was easy! That's what all **dogs** do.

Just then, Bea gets a text.

- **Lin**: That's Joe. He wants to go on a date.

Bea checks her phone and sees that Lin is right.

- **Bea**: Lucky guess. I told you yesterday that he likes me.
- **Lin**: Don't be jealous because you're not a psychic like me.
- **Bea**: Lin, Look out!

Suddenly a truck drives by, **splashing** Lin with water.

- **Lin**: Oh no! My clothes are **soaked**! We can't go to the bar now!
- **Bea**: Hahahaha! You said you can predict the future. Why didn't you know that was going to happen?
- **Lin**: Wow. Maybe I'm not a psychic...

Just then, Bea gets a call from her boss. She looks really disappointed.

- **Lin**: Are you OK?
- **Bea**: No. My meeting tomorrow is canceled. That client just fired our company.
- **Lin**: Oh no! I'm sorry.
- **Bea**: I spent so much time on that presentation.
- **Lin**: Well, I did say that you had nothing to worry about...
- **Bea**: Maybe you can predict the future after all.

## Vocabulary

- Psychic: 英 /'saɪkɪk/, 美 /'saɪkɪk/ 巫师
- Splash: 英 /splæʃ/, 美 /splæʃ/ vt. 使(液体)溅起
- Soaked: (人)湿透了
