---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# I Know the Landlord - B2

Vikram is walking around anxiously in front of his apartment building when his neighbor Lucy arrives.

- **Lucy**: Vikram, why do you look so nervous?
- **Vikram**: The lease for my bakery is ending soon. I was thinking that I could find another space, but it turns out that nothing is affordable.
  - Now my only option is renting the vacant shop in our building.
- **Lucy**: Just talk to the landlord.
- **Vikram**: That was my plan, but then I heard she was very tough, so now I'm not sure if I want to talk to her.
- **Lucy**: I know her. She's tough but reasonable. What if you just try to make a deal with her?
- **Vikram**: I hate making deals! I haven't done it since I quit my finance job.
- **Lucy**: Why don't you have more confidence in yourself, Vikram? You're the best baker I know.
- **Vikram**: Really?
- **Lucy**: Absolutely! Now go **demand** what you want!
- **Vikram**: OK! Maybe I can do this.

That afternoon, Vikram knocks on the landlord's office door and opens it nervously.

The landlord's chair is turned away from Vikram.

- **Vikram**: Hello ... Sorry to bother you, but ... I'm Vikram. If it's not too much to ask, uh...

Vikram takes a deep breath and clears his throat.

- **Vikram**: I'd like to rent your space for my bakery. I'm an excellent baker and a good businessman. If you rent to me, I'm certain you won't be sorry.
  - So ... what do you think?

The landlord spins around in her chair. It's Lucy.

- **Vikram**: Lucy?! Why are you here?
- **Lucy**: I'm the landlord. I own the building. The space is yours!
- **Vikram**: Then why did you --
- **Lucy**: Oh, I'd always planned to rent it to you. I just wanted you to have more confidence in yourself.

## Vocabulary

- Vacant: 空的
- Demand: 要求
