---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# I Love Your Haircut

Zari and Lily are talking in the hall at school.

- **Lily**: The tickets to the concert this weekend cost fifty dollars.
- **Zari**: We don't have fifty dollars!

Just then, Emily, their classmate, sees them.

- **Emily**: Lily I love your haircut.
- **Lily**: Thanks. Zari cut it.
- **Zari**: Yeah, I just learned how to cut hair!
- **Emily**: Wow, can you cut my hair?
- **Lily**: Hmmm … How much can you pay us?

Emily's friend, Sarah, hears them talking.

- **Sarah**: I also need a haircut!
- **Zari**: Uh … I'm not sure …
- **Lily**: Zari can do it at lunch!
- **Zari**: What? I don't have enough time! And we have to go to Ms. Taylor's science class after lunch.
- **Lily**: You want to see your favorite band, don't you?
  - Then we need money to pay for the tickets.

Later, Zari is cutting Emily's hair in the school bathroom.

Emily looks at herself **in** a mirror.

- **Emily**: I really love it!
- **Lily**: You look great. Now pay us twenty dollars.

Lily looks at a list.

- **Lily**: Sarah, you're next, then Leslie.
- **Zari**: Lily, we need to go to science class now.
- **Lily**: Ms. Taylor won't mind.

Suddenly, Ms. Taylor enters the bathroom.

- **Taylor**: I found you! You all need to go to class right now.
  - But not you, Zari and Lily.
  - You need to go to the principal's office.
- **Zari**: Oh no! I don't want to be in trouble!
- **Taylor**: Well, maybe you don't have to go to the principal's office …
- **Lily**: Yes!
- **Taylor**: But only if you cut my hair after school.
- **Zari**: You want a haircut?
- **Taylor**: I have a **big** date tonight.
- **Lily**: No problem. But it's going to cost fifty dollars.
