---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# I'm Fine!

Lucy broke her arm while she was rock climbing. She is **wearing a cast**.

Lucy's granddaughter, Lin, hired a nurse to help her at home.

- **Lucy**: I told you that I don't need a nurse!
- **Lin**: It's just for a few days, while you recover.
- **Lucy**: I'm fine! Have fun on your trip!
- **Nurse**: Don't worry, I'll take good care of you.
- **Lucy**: I don't need help. Go babysit someone else!
- **Lin**: Grandma! Please, just let him help.

Lin **leaves** Lucy **with** the nurse, Gilberto. Lucy ignores him and walks outside.

Gilberto follows Lucy and immediately sees her climbing up an old ladder to **pick** some oranges from a tree.

- **Nurse**: Lucy, you can't climb a ladder!
  - You just had an operation!
- **Lucy**: I'm fine! I just wanted to make some fresh orange juice.

Lucy goes into the dining room and puts the oranges in a bowl.

- **Lucy**: Hmm. I think this table would look better by the window.
- **Nurse**: Wait!

Lucy pushes the heavy table across the room. Gilberto runs over to her.

- **Nurse**: You really should let me help you. You don't want to hurt yourself again!
- **Lucy**: I didn't need any help.
- **Nurse**: The doctor said you need to rest.
- **Lucy**: I'm full of energy! I'm going to make us lunch now.
- **Nurse**: If you're not going to listen to me, then I'm going outside.

Gilberto exits.

- **Lucy**: Finally, he's gone!

Lucy grabs a jar of pickled vegetables.

And tries to open it.

- **Lucy**: Ugh. How can I do this with one hand?

Lucy tries again, but she can't open the jar.

- **Lucy**: Uh... Gilberto?

Gilberto returns and sees Lucy with the jar. He smiles.

- **Nurse**: Hello, Lucy. Is there something you would like to say to me?
- **Lucy**: Yes... I need your help.

## Vocabulary

- wear a cast: 打着石膏

## Writing

Helpful Phrases

Lucy called / couldn't/ the jar

Lucy called Giberto to help her open the jar because her arm hurt and she couldn't open the jar with one hand.
