---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Is Your Wi-Fi Working?

It's late at night. Eddy's neighbor Bea knocks on his door.

- **Eddy**: Oh, hi, Bea! Why are you here so late?
- **Bea**: Hi, Eddy. I was wondering… is your Wi-Fi working?
- **Eddy**: It isn't! How did you know?
- **Bea**: My Wi-Fi stopped working too. I just wanted to make sure you were OK.
- **Eddy**: Oh, you're such a good friend!
- **Bea**: Would you like me to come inside and fix it for you?
- **Eddy**: You mean right now? Um… sure!

Bea walks into Eddy's apartment and looks around.

- **Bea**: OK, did you try turning it off and on?
- **Eddy**: Turning what off and on?
- **Bea**: Your router.
- **Eddy**: My what?
- **Bea**: Never mind.

Bea looks for Eddy's router.

- **Eddy**: You know, my walls are very thick here. Maybe that's the problem!
- **Bea**: No, that's not the problem. Your Wi-Fi is very strong in my apartment.
- **Eddy**: It is?
- **Bea**: I mean, I think it is.
- **Eddy**: Wait, why are you really here?
- **Bea**: Because your Wi-Fi isn't working.
  - And… my Wi-Fi isn't working because your Wi-Fi isn't working.
- **Eddy**: Huh?
- **Bea**: Eddy, I use your Wi-Fi.
- **Eddy**: What?
- **Bea**: And I was just watching a really good movie. There were only five minutes left!
- **Eddy**: You use my Wi-Fi?
- **Bea**: Yes. Now, can I please try to fix your Wi-Fi so I can finish my movie?
- **Eddy**: OK.

There is another knock on Eddy's door. Eddy answers it. Lin is standing outside.

- **Eddy**: Oh, hi, Lin! Why are you here so late?
- **Lin**: Hi, Eddy. Uh… I was wondering. Is your Wi-Fi working?
