---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# It's Too Expensive

Vikram and Priti wait for a realtor outside a house with a “for sale” sign.

- **Priti**: Wow, I love this house! It's beautiful and so big!
- **Vikram**: I'm not sure. It's too expensive.

The **realtor** greets them.

- **Sales**: Welcome! Which room do you want to see first?
- **Priti**: Vikram loves to bake. Let's see the kitchen!

They look around the kitchen. Priti opens the oven.

- **Priti**: Vikram, you could bake so many great cakes here!
- **Vikram**: I can bake great cakes anywhere.
- **Sales**: The kitchen also has two dishwashers.
- **Priti**: Two dishwashers? How wonderful, Vikram!
- **Vikram**: I prefer to wash my dishes by hand.

The realtor takes them upstairs.

- **Sales**: There are four bedrooms!
- **Vikram**: It's just the two of us. We don't need that many rooms.
- **Priti**: But look, the windows are so big!
- **Vikram**: If we have big windows, then we'll have to buy a lot of cleaning products.
  - This house is too expensive.
- **Sales**: Maybe I can talk to the owners about the price. Excuse me.

The realtor leaves to **make a call**.

- **Priti**: Can you please stop complaining?
- **Vikram**: You don't understand. It's part of my plan. I want the owner to lower the price.

The realtor returns.

- **Sales**: Good news! I spoke to the owners and they'll lower the price.
- **Vikram**: Amazing! Then we will buy this house!
- **Priti**: No, we won't!
- **Vikram**: But I thought you loved this house?
- **Priti**: That was before you started **complaining**.
  - Now I think you're right. This house has too many rooms, too many windows, and too many dishwashers!
- **Vikram**: But I love the two dishwashers!
- **Priti**: I thought you preferred doing dishes by hand.
- **Vikram**: No one prefers that.
