---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# City Aquarium Newsletter - B2

This week's featured story is about Terry, the beloved turtle who has recently gained a lot of fans.

Local resident Bea rescued Terry three weeks ago while she was doing a five-mile run **on** the beach. Terry was slowly walking by with a piece of trash stuck to his injured **flipper**.

After Bea removed the piece of trash, the turtle, according to Bea, raised his flipper in a "gesture of thanks."

Then, as Bea described it:

Terry high-fived me!

**Bea**: As he slowly touched my hand, I suddenly realized that I needed to slow down, just like Terry and stop trying so hard by **volunteering** and working all the time.

After initially considering **converting** a room in her apartment into a turtle habitat, Bea ultimately decided to bring Terry to the **aquarium** so his flipper could heal.

After that, Bea did "slow down" briefly before organizing a weekly trash cleanup effort at the beach.

Join Bea every Saturday morning at 6 a.m. because, as she describes it:

**Bea**: It's always better to start early so you have more hours in the day to work!

While we're looking forward to your next visit to the aquarium, please note that we will have increased security around Terry's enclosure.

This is because several visitors who heard Bea's story tried to reach in and give Terry a high five. Now dozens of fans spend the day waiting to see who Terry will high-five next, even if it's only through the glass of his enclosure.

## Vocabulary

- Aquarium: 水族馆
- Newsletter: 通讯
- Enclosure: 围场
- Flipper: 鳍 英 /'flɪpə/ 美 /ˈflɪpɚ/
