---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - story
---

# Pirates Are Cool

Zari and Junior are at an amusement park.

- **Junior**: Thanks for bringing me to Pirate Land, Zari! Everything here is so cool!
- **Zari**: Yeah, I used to love this place when I was your age.
- **Junior**: Let’s go see the singing pirate show!
- **Zari**: No, they’re terrible singers.
- **Junior**: Well, then can you buy me a pirate hat?
- **Zari**: Sorry, your dad only gave us money for food and rides.

**Suddenly, Zari sees a boy from school.**

- **Zari**: Oh no! It’s Paul!
  - I don’t want him to see me here! I really like him! He’ll think I’m not cool!
- **Junior**: But Pirate Land is super cool!
- **Zari**: Let’s hide in the gift shop.

**They run into the gift shop.**

- **Junior**: I have an idea. You can wear a pirate costume! Then Paul won’t know who you are!
- **Zari**: I don’t know…
- **Junior**: Put on this hat, this eye patch … and this fake beard!
- **Zari**: Junior, this is crazy!
- **Junior**: Look, Paul is coming over here!
- **Zari**: Ugh! Fine!

**Zari quickly buys and puts on the costume.**

**Paul sees Zari.**

- **Paul**: Zari, is that you?
- **Zari**: Um … hi, Paul.
- **Paul**: Wow, you really like pirates, don’t you?
- **Zari**: Haha … No. I hate pirates!
- **Paul**: But you’re wearing a pirate costume.
- **Zari**: Uh … yeah … The kid I’m **babysitting** loves pirates.
- **Paul**: Well, I think pirates are cool. I’m actually performing in the singing pirate show.
- **Zari**: What?!
- **Paul**: I was going to invite you, but you just said you hate pirates …
- **Zari**: Wait, I actually love pirates! I was joking!
- **Paul**: I have to go.

**Paul walks away.**

- **Junior**: Sorry, Zari. Can I have your pirate hat?
