---
icon: noto:page-facing-up
date: 2025-07-29
category:
  - Duolingo
tag:
  - English
  - Duolingo
  - Story
---

# Pretty Good Bakery - B2

Vikram's bakery is one of the best bakeries in town! Or at least in the top twenty.

I'm Vikram's **occasional employee**, Lin, and I'm starting this social media account for the bakery since Vikram is too nice to **brag**.

As a small business, we can't afford to **give away** free cookies like Cookie Corporation does every Friday.

However, I've started a weekly giveaway where we give a surprise to one lucky customer.

This week, it was a cup of water.

Next week, it could be anything - like some napkins!

You may expect a bakery to open early in the morning, but Vikram's bakery doesn't open until noon. We could probably open earlier if I came to work on time, but I like **to sleep in**. The good thing is that while other bakeries' **croissants** are **stale** by noon, ours are still fresh.

Most bakeries have lots of employees to make sure everything runs smoothly. Would Vikram be more successful if he hired more help?

Sure, but Vikram loves doing the work of three people. Or at least I think he does because he never complains.

He didn't even get mad when I dropped the delivery truck keys in the cake mixer yesterday.

Anyway, come to Vikram's bakery!

And if you happen to find those keys in your cake, please return them because I parked in the no-parking zone.

## Vocabulary

- occasional employee: 临时的
- brag: 自夸
- give away: 赠送
- to sleep in: 睡懒觉
- Croissant: 牛角面包
- Stale: 英 /steɪl/, 美 /steɪl/ 不新鲜的
